guacd: add page (#3296)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/guacd.md

# guacd

> Apache Guacamole proxy daemon.
> Support loader for client plugins to interface between the Guacamole protocol and any arbitrary remote desktop protocol (e.g. RDP, VNC, Other).
> More information: <https://guacamole.apache.org/>.

> - Bind guacd at specific port on localhost:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?

```suggestion
- Bind to a specific port on localhost:
```

Also, are there any long-forms of the options here? In tldr-pages we prefer to use long options over the short variants for clarity. The same applies tot he examples further down too.

Author: Unfortunately no, but I can raise that issue with the Guacamole Project and come back to update this page should they wish to implement them! (I'll even see if I can add it for them...)

`guacd -b {{127.0.0.1}} -l {{4823}}`

> - Start guacd in debug mode and keep in the foreground for troubleshooting:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Start in debug mode, keeping the process in the foreground:
```

`guacd -f -L {{debug}}`

> - Use guacd with SSL enabled:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Start with TLS support:
```

`guacd -C {{my-cert.crt}} -K {{my-key.pem}}`

> - Write PID of guacd instance to a file for automating init scripts:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Write the PID to a file:
```

> `guacd -p {{/var/run/guacd.pid}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps we could tweak this to make it more consistent with other pages please?

```suggestion
`guacd -p {{path/to/file.pid}}`
```
